edi_storage_oca/README.rst, before:

===========================
EDI Storage backend support
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f2718fe12ff53362a2da3e253d22e0641ebcd6a01195db14f8d9c8c71878080d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi/tree/15.0/edi_storage_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-15-0/edi-15-0-edi_storage_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allow exchange files using storage backends from `OCA/storage`.

This module adds a storage backend relation on the EDI backend.
There you can configure the backend to be used (most often and SFTP)
and the paths where to read or put files.

Often the convention when exchanging files via SFTP
is to have one input forder (to receive files)
and an output folder (to send files).

Inside this folder you have this hierarchy::

    input/output folder
        |- pending
        |- done
        |- error

* `pending` folder contains files that have been just sent
* `done` folder contains files that have been processes successfully
* `error` folder contains files with errors and cannot be processed

The storage handlers take care of reading files and putting files
in/from the right place and update exchange records data accordingly.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Go to "EDI -> EDI backend" then configure your backend to use a storage backend.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_storage_oca%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
* Foram Shah <foram.shah@initos.com>
* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/edi <https://github.com/OCA/edi/tree/15.0/edi_storage_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] edi_storage_oca: Migration to 16.0

edi_storage_oca/README.rst, after:

===========================
EDI Storage backend support
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:3806d6eaf0c3ce46d7d24b5c5e002f0c49a42390385f23e4480a33dd94e85451
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_storage_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-16-0/edi-framework-16-0-edi_storage_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allow exchange files using storage backends from `OCA/storage`.

This module adds a storage backend relation on the EDI backend.
There you can configure the backend to be used (most often and SFTP)
and the paths where to read or put files.

Often the convention when exchanging files via SFTP
is to have one input forder (to receive files)
and an output folder (to send files).

Inside this folder you have this hierarchy::

    input/output folder
        |- pending
        |- done
        |- error

* `pending` folder contains files that have been just sent
* `done` folder contains files that have been processes successfully
* `error` folder contains files with errors and cannot be processed

The storage handlers take care of reading files and putting files
in/from the right place and update exchange records data accordingly.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Go to "EDI -> EDI backend" then configure your backend to use a storage backend.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* clean deprecated methods in the storage

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_storage_oca%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
* Foram Shah <foram.shah@initos.com>
* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Duong (Tran Quoc) <duongtq@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 15.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_storage_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
